Hello everyone, Igor, the idea of morphs
today I would like to tell Yarovskaya
exactly about the pcsx2 emulator settings
many are interested many are asking
What are your settings for a comfortable game?
final fantasy 12 basically now i
I will show the settings and with these settings
principle, everything works well for me
it will be bad except
if you do not have a gamepad then it will be
Of course it is inconvenient to play well, and so in
principle emulator pulls let's break
emulation settings so I'm there somewhere
quickly scrolled so go here bye
scx run version 1 and 2 0
go to the emulation site
here we have settings 2 and and and opi here
that way me tuned and
stand on a construction site here two times then we go
then here are the settings I have here with
video window if you want to shoot a game
or record your flyplay
it is necessary and then put permission
1280 to 720 and aspect ratio
adjust to the size of the screen window and more
note when you install
emulator then remove the Russian language here
such settings sleeps hacks included
but at zero one at zero another at
unit here is the advice to abuse because
what performance falls
but a fix for the games here and some
cases helps but i don't put anything
go further memory card settings
so here are stored
document while sex us cards here
memory cards are stored i.e. your
saving plugins a europe
version 0 and 2 2 14 on 6 2000 4 console
here that is bios you need anyway here
that is, you hit the default folder here
me screenshots
quick save if you scrap on
You can save by game
use fast saves
here is gs these are my settings here
Ie for gamepad please spo2
if you want to record a flyout then
you need how it would be good for you
heard again depends on
microphone if you have a quiet microphone then
need to do even less if you have
normal audibility
put 30 percent of the sound and heard
you and the game if it is one hundred percent
you will not stand at all
heard 50 the fight but the same thing 50
Percentage too hard to hear 30 percent
the most optimal
here we are doing nothing here too
here too, too well, that's such here
settings
even showed on principle everything here
showed
here you see me yes but in principle
everything
program
here then friends
who will have problems with the emulator
always help with you was
prideful morphs these were my best
settings for the game fantasy finale 12th
I'll start it bye bye